>> Steve Kinney: And what I'm gonna do,
after this backend goes up,
is I'm gonna fire up this AWS Console.
So we can actually go ahead,
and we can see it, in the UI.
And we can do additional tweaks and
changes,
just to kinda get that work flow down.
This is a great way to say hey,
I made this change, is it true?
Did it happen?
Is it really real?
Cuz sometimes,
here's the thing about things being easy.
Sometimes you don't know if they
actually worked, [LAUGH] right?
Cool, so we pushed it up,
we do awsmobile console.
>> Steve Kinney: You see it spinning up,
and this is my application.
This is like, you don't have an app yet?
You do,
this is if you want to add another app.
This tricks me out every time.
Just ignore it and scroll past it,
make believe you didn't see it.
[LAUGH] Your life will be better
just making believe it's not there.
So you can see here, the two backend
services that I have turned on.
User Sign-In, and Hosting and Streaming,
I turned off analytics before.
You can see that there's a NoSQL database.
Now you can, you're like,
I hate the command line.
You can turn everything on here as well.
You can do all that kinda stuff.
This one isn't in the command line tool,
and this is also new.
I don't have a lot to say about it,
it seems really cool.
So when you go to user sign-in,
we actually see those settings.
So we're doing email and password.
You can see the settings that we
set before are all here as well.
And if you go to action,
we can do edit in cognito.
What I wanna point out here is this is
not, again, some fancy abstraction.
This is a real deal cognito user,
for which you can use, for
real enterprise-grade applications.
This is not like toy
versions of everything,
it's simply a nice abstraction that
gets the stuff set up for you.
So we can go ahead and edit in cognito.
We're not gonna do too many changes here,
I just wanna show it to you.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, and
here are all of the different [INAUDIBLE]
You can see estimated numbers of users,
zero, which makes sense cuz no one has
ever logged in with this one before.
All right, [COUGH] so
we can have all of this in place.
[COUGH] You can see there's
other stuff you can do in here.
You have a logo, and
stuff like that as well.
CSS customizations, so on and so forth.
I'll leave this as an exercise to the
reader in order to play around with it,
cool.